Cluster group volumes backup (#1140)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04-clusters/04-palette-virtual-clusters/02-deploy-virtual-cluster.md

  - For Azure, no additional policies are required.

<InfoBox>

Palette doesn't support _Usage_ and _Cost_ metrics for Virtual Clusters running on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE).

</InfoBox>

## Add Node-Level Policies in your Cloud Account

In some situations additional node-level policies must be added to your deployment. 

To add node-level policies: 

1. In **Cluster Mode**, switch to the **Tenant Admin**  project.

2. Select **Tenant Settings** in the **Main Menu**. 

3. Click **Cloud Accounts** and ensure **Add IAM policies** is enabled for your cloud account. If an account does not already exist, you must add one.

4. You can specify any additional policies to include in virtual clusters deployed with this cloud account.

    - For AWS, add the **AmazonEBSCSIDriver** policy so that the virtual clusters can access the underlying host cluster's storage. Check out the [Palette required IAM policies](/clusters/public-cloud/aws/required-iam-policies#globalroleadditionalpolicies) documentation to learn more about additional IAM policies.

5. Confirm your changes.

# Deploy a Virtual Cluster

> Follow these steps to deploy a virtual clusters to a cluster group:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to deploy a virtual cluster to a cluster group:
```

Reviewer: Or, to use the plural: Follow these steps to deploy virtual clusters to a cluster group:

Author: No, you're right. It should be singular, nice catch 😄

1. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com) and switch to **App Mode**.

2. Select **Virtual Clusters** from the left **Main Menu**. 

> 3. Click on the **+New Virtual Cluster**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the **+New Virtual Cluster**.
```

Reviewer: Are we including the + in the button name? I've been using only the text label. As a user, I see the + as a visual indicator that I can add something, but to call it by name I'd say **New Virtual Cluster** button or click **New Virtual Cluster.** Maybe we need to discuss and add to the internal style guidelines.

Author: Yeah, let's chat. I'll add it to the team agenda

> 4. Select your cluster group from the **Select cluster group** drop-down Menu, and provide a name to the virtual cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select your cluster group from the **Select cluster group drop-down Menu**, and type a name for the virtual cluster.
```
